# Lovense Relay for Second Life

This is an LSL (Linden Scripting Language) implementation of a "serverless" controller for a single user of Lovense Remote.

## What?
In short, this script will get the user's IP public address when they click a link* from the script. The script uses the IP and a known port to make web requests to the user's app and control the device**.

Data is sent directly from Second Life to the user, there is no other service involved in handling the requests.


### How do I use this?
1. Port-forward Lovense Remote to its local IP.
    - The ports and IP can be found under Me > Settings > Game Mode
    - The IP looks like 192.168.###.###
    - Only the SSL port is used, generally 30010.
2. Place the LSL script into any object within Second Life and it will offer you a link. Click it and you're ready.
- If you're using a mobile device, it must be connected to the same network/WiFi as the computer that clicks the link, because the script can only communicate through the public IP it discovers from the user visiting the object URL.

Currently a pattern can be started by typing comma-separated values (0 to 20) into local chat. Only the object's current owner can do this. This will change to some kind of HUD interface to make things more user-friendly and this comment may be out of date by the time you're reading it. Check the script!

It should be possible to connect with Lovense Remote and then give the object to someone else. Then they should be able to start patterns instead.

----

\* The link points to an object within Second Life which contains this script. The URL is generated by [llRequestUrl](https://wiki.secondlife.com/wiki/LlRequestURL).

\** The script is intended to be used with a single toy. Multiple toys can be used, but the same command will be sent to all connected toys.

[Lovense dev docs](https://developer.lovense.com/#by-local-application-1)
